# thmux8ai songs license
## created by suno
all songs published have been generated by suno. you can create your own ai generated songs at https://suno.com/create
## permitted usage
### personal enjoyment
we allow people to download the songs and listen to them directly from this github repository for personal enjoyment. we also have official social media accounts to allow you to stream them from select platforms. we do not charge you to use the songs for personal enjoyment.
### crazy errors
we allow you to use the music in crazy errors and share them on youtube, niko niko douga, bilibili, or similar platforms.
### client/customer enjoyment
we allow you to use and play the music in hotels, resturaunts, grocerry stores, and other establishments. we also allow you to use this music as hold music and on airplanes/commercial flights.
### radio
we allow you to broadcast these songs over the radio free of charge. please keep in mind you are still subject to any rules and regulations set by your local airwave management agency. in the us, these regulations are set by the fcc. keep in mind that not all songs have a clean version, in which case you might need to clean it yourself or not broadcast it.
### videos
we allow you to use these songs in videos you post. we allow the music to be in videos on youtube, nico nico douga, bilibili, vimeo, twitch, archive of our own, reddit, and github. we also allow you to post short videos with this music on youtube shorts, facebook, instagram, snapchat, and tiktok. other platforms may also be allowed for posting videos or short videos with this music. please see the prohibited usage for types of videos you aren't allow to use it for.
### scratch
we allow you to use these songs in any project published on the official scratch website.
### remixes
we allow you to non-commercially remix these songs. you can feed these songs back into suno, or manually remix them. we also allow you to upload your remixes to non-commercial platforms, such as soundcloud, bandcamp, youtube, and github. you cannot monetize the remix of the song except via youtube or bandcamp. we allow monetization on bandcamp only due to bandcamp limiting the number of free downloads per month.
###
## prohibited usage
### selling the music - original or remixes
our music is designed to be free forever. you may never sell the original music, whether online, in physical form (usb cd vinyl etc), or any other method. if you have written consent you may sell the music in vintage collectable physical formats. you may only charge for the format and not more for including the content. vintage physical formats is limited to casette tapes, cd disks not including hd cd/cd-r/other modern cd formats, or vinyl record.
### porn
we do not allow you to use these songs in porn or sexually explicit content. porn is defined as content that is sexually explicit or intended to sexual arouse the user. porn can be images, videos, audio clips, text, and other forms of content. content is allowed to mention and/or talk about porn, but it itself cannot be pornographic.
### extremist terrorist groups
we do not allow you to use these songs in content that promotes supports or condones extremist terrorist groups or committing acts of terrorist.
### child abuse
we do not allow you to use these songs in content that graphically depicts child abuse, or supports or condones the abusing or exploitation of children.
